= Client Timezone Detection Rails plugin

* http://github.com/cleverua/client_timezone_detection

== DESCRIPTION:

A Ruby On Rails gem aimed to simplify user timezone detection. It gets TZ 
information from user browser, saves it in cookie and then applies the TZ in
controller. That way you always have application TZ set up for the region user is
actually in.


=== USAGE

All you have to do is to include gem's javascripts in your application layout.
Just drop the following somewhere in the page head section:

  <%= javascript_include_tz_detection %>

That's all. Now using some before_filter magick the gem will have set
request's time zone to match the one received in cookies. That will be the
timezone user's browser is configured for.

== HOW TO SKIP THE TIMEZONE DETECTION:

It is sometimes necessary to skip timezone detection and setup, say you
implement a general purpose web service within your app. You can skip it in your
controller like this:

  skip_before_filter :set_client_time_zone

== IMPORTANT ASSUMPTION

It assumes you use the excellent jQuery library in your application. You use it,
right? That's the assumption :)

== INSTALL:
  
Put this string into your Gemfile:

  gem 'cleverua-client_timezone_detection', :require => 'client_timezone_detection'

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 CleverUA

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
